Update `fileWriteCsvFromStream` to maintain the order while writing (#830)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-io: docs/spec/spec.md

# io:Error? resultRecord = io:fileWriteCsv("./resources/myfileRecord.csv", contentRecord);
# ```
# + path - The CSV file path
# + content - CSV content as an array of string arrays or a array of ballerina records.
# + option - To indicate whether to overwrite or append the given content
# + return - An `io:Error` or `()` when the writing was successful
public isolated function fileWriteCsv(string path, string[][] content, FileWriteOption option = OVERWRITE) returns
Error?;
```

The following API reads the content of a given CSV file as a stream of string arrays or ballerina records. Here, each CSV record represents as a string array or a ballerina record.

```ballerina
# Read file content as a CSV.
# ```ballerina
# stream<string[], io:Error?>|io:Error content = io:fileReadCsvAsStream("./resources/myfile.csv");
# stream<record{}, io:Error?>|io:Error content = io:fileReadCsvAsStream("./resources/myfile.csv");
# ```
# + path - The CSV file path
# + return - The entire CSV content in the channel a stream of string arrays, ballerina records or an `io:Error`
public isolated function fileReadCsvAsStream(string path) returns stream<string[], Error?>|Error;
```

> The following API writes a given CSV stream to a given file. When writing a `Record[]` content to a CSV file in `OVERWRITE`, by default, headers will be written to the CSV file as unlike `string[]` the order of record fields is not guaranteed. For `APPEND`, order of the existing csv file is inferred using the headers and used as the order

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following API writes a given CSV stream to a given file. When writing string[] to CSV, the order of the array elements are considered. However when writing a `record{}[]`, the order is inferred from the CSV headers (CSV header should match the fields). Moreover, in OVERWRITE mode fields are written as headers to preserve order between writes.
```

Reviewer: Lets add similar message in API docs. Spec is not the first place a user refers this.

Reviewer 2: @sahanHe did we update the API Docs
